Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 12
Date: 05-7-18

What have you completed since the last report?

We've met, eaten pizza, and discussed our Practicum as a team. I feel like we
are doing better because of our communication as a team and this supports our ability
to complete our objectives. We mainly focused on what our current bottleneck is,
and as a result we're focusing now more than ever on our fundamental task: networking.
Ted and I sat down and reworked a script for what we thought we'd be able to complete
for the networking aspect; this was a method which would've allowed us to use many less
cables, but unfortunately, didn't work. But we did learn a lot about how we would be
able to setup networking, and will most likely only need to make a few small changes for
the code to perform successfully!


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

The next status report will hopefully contain information about our success with the
networking aspect of the practicum; we are hoping to get cables tomorrow in addition to having
both our access and distribution equipment routing and switching properly. This will involve
a large effort on everyone's behalf to come together and deliver what we're capable of. If this
doesn't happen, we know that we'll at least have the configuration set on the equipment, but may
not be able to test if it is properly working or not.


What is getting in your way?

We're having issues with the networking bottleneck, and this is resulting in less features/performance
than we'd previously expected. We may not be able to do redundancy due to the lack of available interfaces on
the compute nodes, and in addition we may be unable to properly route between VLANs, though this is probably
an over-exaggeration. We're really just neutral about the equipment at this point because we don't know how well
it will work for our coded implementation. I am hoping that it is successful, but we will need the right combination
of hardware and software for everything to work. The next step is to get cables, which is our biggest thing that's
getting in our way, and go from there.
