Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 12
Date: 05-9-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Cabling was redone for the majority of the network, allowing us a physical connection
for our hosts to communicate on. With this done, we're able to move onto software
configuration for the network. We're now in the process of setting up IP addresses on
each of our hosts. We already have the multilayer switch configured with the correct
VLAN interfaces and configured VLANs for each physical switchport. You're able to
view the current status of this script by going to http://bit.ly/2wub5CT

What do you plan to complete by the next report?

Our next steps are to work on the hosts' IP configuration and test their connectivity
by communicating with their respective VLAN association on the network. We will
also test and ensure that they're not able to communicate on VLANs they don't have
access to just to ensure that the VLANs are doing their job. This will also help
with the overall security of our network. After we get our network setup we'll be
able to finally test our Open Stack configuration and start launching Ansible scripts.
We may even use Ansible to test that our vlans are working properly 🤔

What is getting in your way?

Change management is a recurring issue in our team for all of us. I am realizing
there are multiple moments where I'm in the thick of it and don't know what the
next step is to get the thing to work (which I also believe shouldn't happen, but
inevitable seems like it does). With the ramble about change management out of the
way, I think another issue is my technical expertise in using new technologies. I
am unsure that there's a way to change IP addresses on the actual Xen Servers, which
is actually very really getting my way). Not being able to do this last night meant
that I was unable to test the physical cabling we'd setup to see if networking
from host-to-host actually works. This bogged down progress, but probably won't
for long since our team is working diligently to get issues like these resolved.
I am impressed by the amount of hard work we're willing to put into this Practicum.
