Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 14
Date: 05-11-18

What have you completed since the last report?

After cabling was finished, we still had some necessary IP configuration to do on
the Xen Servers; we're able to complete this through Xen Center for all the nodes.
I also went ahead and renamed the nodes for consistency, since they're all named
differently for some reason. I didn't find the iSCSI or controller interfaces here,
so I wasn't able to setup the VLANs on those interfaces, but setting up the IP addresses
on those ports will most likely be a non-issue. I noticed while doing the IP
configuration that I'd need to know which physical ports corresponded to which logical
interface on the computer. I did this by simply unplugging the cable from the nodes'
interface, seeing which interface went from connected on Xen Center, and replugging
that cable back in to ensure that the connection came back up on the same interface.
Doing this ensured that I knew which port was supposed to map to each port on the
switch, so that I knew which IP address would then have to be configured on those ports.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

We've now tested our work for the ability of the hosts to ping the VLANs and received
some mixed results: while we're able to ping the interface of VLAN 80, we're unable to
ping the interfaces for the other VLANs (e.g. 400, 401, 402). I am hoping that we'll
be able to find and discuss the source of this issue and resolve it by our next report. Besides
this issue, it's like we're stuck until we get this fixed. I think pretty much everything
is going to rely on a working IP config, and so we'll be putting more effort into
ensuring that we get this up and running as soon as possible.

What is getting in your way?

After I'd setup the IP configuration on the hosts, I found an issue with VLANs
and being able to ping them properly from the relevant host subnets. The issue is
something that is yet to be discovered, but I'm hoping that we'll be able to solve
it soon. I feel like we're currently at a point in our Practicum where networking
is the thing  that everyone is going to need to have input on to proceed. Last week
we ended up running circles around what we needed for our routing/switching configuration
and I think that has slowed us down a lot. I am hoping that we're able to think more
about networking in the future with regards to our higher level services so that we're
able to be more successful.
