Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 15
Date: 05-14-18

What have you completed since the last report?

The amount of testing and reconfiguring, then testing again since the last report
has been truly truly remarkable; we've been working on numerous different methodologies
to see if we'd be able to get the XenServers to be able to talk to each other. Alas,
with our testing we haven't yet been successful in getting a ping over any VLAN other
than VLAN 80. We aren't sure what the potential issues might be, but we've been testing
numerous different possible solutions to no avail. Since our last report, it's safe
to say that we've completed a lot of testing with not a lot of results.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

By the next report, we hope to research more about the potential issues we're facing
with this configuration and what it means for the rest of our Practicum. I don't
think that our team is going to stop working hard to resolve this issue and move
forward, so I am looking forward to brainstorming solutions to this issue so we're
triumphant. It's hard to say that we won't necessarily have anything tangible by
the next report, but the truth is I do believe it's important that we take the time
to research what our next steps will be so that we're able to be successful.


What is getting in your way?

It has been a long journey and I still fear we have time to go before we're able to
successfully resolve our issue with pinging hosts on VLANs. Something that I'd
previously taken for granted and believed would be very simple to fix has gotten me
to the point where I'm questioning the viability of our Practicum. I believe at this
time more than ever it is crucial that we're able to think about what our next steps
will be. This is truly the make or break moment for us, so we can't let this issue
get in our way! Maybe our problem will be easier to solve if we take a different
approach, but the important thing is that we take that approach in the first place.
