Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 16
Date: 05-16-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Our last report had us working on fixing the networking issue that plagued our
progress; I'm happy to report that we're able to solve that issue via mainly what
I believe to be brute force (though we did get some very useful pieces of information
from both our client and our instructor which I am in no way downplaying). But
definitely the amount of time that we'd spent on fixing this issue combined with
our perseverance shows that we're capable of completing this project. I think it's
actually quite amazing since we're under the impression that we'd be receiving hardware
which would work right off the bat and that the installation procedures wouldn't be
as confusing or murky as they actually were, yet we're able to persevere.

I also spent time working with Ted on DNS stuff. Within 10 minutes we had a rough
draft of some of the code we'd need to successfully do a map of a hostname to an IP
address. We came up to a conclusion though which will probably require our client
actually configuring some stuff for us to get it to work for Lisanet. The multilayer
switch is more than capable enough to setup the DNS server, and our requests will
work for at least our traffic emanating from our Xen server  currently. I'll
explain more in the below sections.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

I'm heading out on vacation for six days, but that doesn't mean I won't be doing
what I'm able to contribute to our Practicum. I am happy that the networking is
fundamentally working (that's what Ted and I set out to help with in the first place),
but I'm hoping that there'll be more that we're able to do over time. I think one
of the first things that we need to do is simply install configuration on top of
our working network configuration and hope that our networking is encapsulated. This
will require us to understand the dependencies of our OpenStack/Ansible installation
and thus give us an answer as to whether we're able to proceed without worrying about
networking anymore or not. Also on a higher level than we've been working on will
be to implement DNS; I believe one of the next steps with regard to that will be to
connect with our client to understand what the procedure might look like for users
on Lisanet that want to connect to our Xen stack, and then thinking about how we're
able to implement that some more.


What is getting in your way?

Our main issue is probably still change management and really just delegation of work /
planning when things are going to get completed. I feel like this Practicum is sort
of like a race for all of us to see what we're able to do within what's now a short
period of time (a month for on-prem and cloud project). One of the main issues I
believe has been the immersion into using hardware which doesn't have any sort of
quality assurance to help us implement the configuration of new technology; I think
this has been a major sore point as we got stuck on networking for awhile. But now
that we're progressing we simply have a time crunch that we'll need to sort out in
order for us to reach our goals for this Practicum.

With that in mind, as the people responsible for the networking of these machines,
we need to focus more on our implementation of  networking technologies. DNS is going
to be a really nice feature if we can get it implemented, but it's going to require
department-wide effort to execute. Mainly, we have DNS compatibility within our network
(say I ping a host name from a xen server or the controller, it's going to work
because we'll have a DNS server setup and host to IP mapping which will help us get
that IP address to the host), but not outside of our network in Lisanet. As far as
I'm aware of we'll need to have an entry that points to our DNS server as a name
server so that we're able to facilitate those mappings from Lisanet. Without those
mappings being resolved, we'll be unable to support any DNS requests except within
our own internal network.
