Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 17
Date: 05-18-18

What have you completed since the last report?

I've been on a small vacation since the last report, but that hasn't completely
stopped me from keeping in touch with the group and via Slack and accomplishing
some amount of work for our group cloud project. I'm actually really looking
forward to the cloud part of our Practicum; I love coding and hope that I get the
chance to write some truly useful scripts. I've just installed Ansible on my mac
using the easy 'brew install ansible' command. After posting about Ansible in the
discussion I was actually a bit afraid of being able to install it on my mac. But
After reading the installation guide that was posted on Canvas, I noticed that OS X
actually is supported, which makes it easy to be able to install it without needing
to dual-boot or use VMs. I also thought it was cool that Ansible can be run directly
from source - no compiling necessary!


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

Monday will bring a new understanding to me in the form of Ansible: I plan to look
into installation of it more (probably using Linux) and from here seek to make progress
on our cloud project. My goal is to (hopefully) be able to configure Ansible on my
localhost from the point where it's able to spin up instances remotely in Google Cloud.
I am hoping to also be able to research it more so that I know about the different
options which are also shown in the configuration guide for the project inside and out.
That's my goal. Not saying I'll be able to reach it by the next report, but I'm
definitely hoping to be able to understand this part of using Ansible well by the
end of this Practicum.


What is getting in your way?

I guess what I'd say is that Operating Systems and interfacing with Ansible would be
what are getting in my way right now; coming up with an efficient way to test my deployment
of Ansible on a machine as close to our production servers in configuration would be
my best bet.

I spent some time reading about the configuration of Ansible, which after some
further research pointed me to a website which contains more of a specific explanation
of what to use for OS X. On Linux, everything seems to be more "out-of-the-box,"
whereas on OS X there seems to be more of a "take-everything-out-of-the-box" approach.
Not saying this is a bad thing (actually being forced to look at these files on a mac
the first time is probably a good thing), but it might not be what I actually want to
do. That being said, I did take a look at the options for a config file, to which I
knew I'd probably be needing to Google stuff when I realized I didn't know how to run
Ansible in "ad-hoc" mode from the terminal. So... I'm thinking about using VMs or
another system to be able to do my Ansible development on (Raspberry Pi?!) we'll
see where it goes.
