Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 18
Date: 05-21-18

What have you completed since the last report?

I have been planning on implementing Ansible more but have been unable to find the
network connection and/or time to do so. What I have been doing is learning more about
Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery in my Linux classes, which has helped me
to better understand the process behind building a pipeline for software development. I
believe that these skills are actually highly transferrable to a project such as the
Practicum because I can see us needing to package our build software and test it. I
have been able to come up with some ideas for things I could see myself doing in the
last couple weeks of this quarter.

What do you plan to complete by the next report?

If I have time, I'd like to take what I've learned in my Linux classes and apply it to this
Practicum by packaging our code and loading it in from a repository. In Linux we've been
playing around with creating repo servers, and after learning about the CI/CD build process,
I can see something like an RPM being a great fit for our Ansible/Open Stack integration.
That being said, it may not be done in time to actually deploy on servers at the school, but
I believe that doesn't make it any less useful for the experience of writing the code
in addition to the documentation it would have the ability to generate. For now I will
focus on getting Ansible up and running; for the future, I'd like to dream big though.

What is getting in your way?

I woke up at four AM today to catch a flight home from San Francisco. I'm usually asleep
an hour ago, but I'm still riding the wave of MakerFaire. Tomorrow is dedicated as a work-
day in which I plan to get things done. There were all sorts of things that got in
my way today which prevented me from getting the project worked on (mainly I'd say it was
my ability to procrastinate, but more so it's been just an experience being able to see my
mom again today and catch up/fix stuff). Lol. I ended up reading some on the plane ride over
since I didn't have a network connection (which sparked my interest more in the packaging
of our code and adding it to a repo). And in general it's been an Ansible-less weekend. The
way I feel about it though is that it's okay. I've planned time out this week to work on
the cloud and on-prem projects, and I feel like I'm ready to go. Bring on the code!
