Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 22
Date: 05-30-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Ansible is fun. After many hours of intense concentration and dedication to fix the
recurring issues that I was facing, I was able to get Ansible to start running scripts
in GCE. Actually, installing Ansible was really easy: a simple pip command or two and
copying an explicit configuration file in (which may not have been required anyways)
and I was on my way. I wrote some documentation to go with what I'd done because I'd
cobbled together a lot of the information and used it in different ways. I wrote the
documentation in an application I'd previously downloaded called Quiver, and I'm super
happy I tested this out: the application is an amazing way to keep your code snippets,
and learning how to use it for creating documentation has really opened up my eyes to
its potential.

What do you plan to complete by the next report?

I actually feel like the documentation is useful enough to be able to be put online,
and I plan on doing so when I get the chance to, but this isn't what I plan on doing
for the next report. I'm actually hoping to be able to take the documentation I wrote
and build onto it with another part for JSON and list parsing. I feel like learning
these topics were super hard because there was no "one place" to get the information
required: over time things change, and the roles required to add to the GCE service
account as well as the actual code to interface with the JSON result of spinning up
an instance are definitely things that I had to look high and low for; having
documentation will definitely speed up our team's ability to be able to test their
code without running into the obstacle of setting up their environment. I hope some
people on the Internet think so too 😼 

What is getting in your way?

I worked mainly on getting the instance to startup; it's amazing how much work it takes
to do what seems to be like such a simple thing. I am excited to work on the project
further and take what I'm learning about Ansible to the next level: working with David's
videos on the subject I feel is what I need to break our playbooks out to that level of
sophistication. I am hoping that I'll be able to get stuck again before we meet so that
I'm able to ask questions about how to do what we need to do. Then time management
would be getting in my way again 😉
