Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 23
Date: 06-1-18

What have you completed since the last report?

I actually staggered some of my reported progress since I wasn't sure if I'd be
able to get work done between my last progress report and today or not (hint: I
didn't). Where I am today though is with the ability to successfully spin up LDAP
servers via GCloud, which was separate from just having the ability to spin up a
server in GCloud. I wanted to be able to do it because there's actually a decent
amount of overlap between my Linux class and what I'm doing in this practicum. I'm
actually happy that I was able to get it, because it ended up being a really tough
thing to parse... but I finally figured it out. Being able to do this work actually
netted me a slight amount of extra credit in my linux class, and helped me get over
probably the biggest hump in terms of cloud stuff that I'll be facing in this class
(at least for the assigned part of the project [LDAP] I did).

I know there's something I'm missing with it that I can't really remember right now,
but I'm sure that when the issue crops up I'll be able to solve it (oh, I just remembered. lol)


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

The next step I see taking is having the ability to spin up another instance in
the same playbook so I'll be able to successfully have multiple clients being
created in the span of one playbook. Then I'd like to be able to learn how to do
conditionals in Ansible so that I'd be able to spin up an arbitrary number of clients
using that same single playbook. The hope is to also get together with Yolmant to
discuss what we're going to be doing together; who's going to work on spinning up
multiple hosts, that sort of thing. Also passing IP addresses between the hosts
and such. For now I'm just thinking a simple sed change for the startup-scripts we
plan on passing in via the working directory (Ansible will do this on a higher level).
The thing I forgot but need to do is to be able to remove the startup-script metadata
from the running instances, since that's going to be something that runs every time
the instances start up (not what we want).


What is getting in your way?

We're getting to the end of the quarter and we're running out of time to get
everything completed. I'm really into this cloud project because I think it's a
great way for us to be able to work together and not have to worry about bad configurations
or issues that crop up which can't be easily reverted. I like the idea that we're
able to manage our infrastructure with code. I am hoping that I'm able to talk to
my sub-team member Yolmant to discuss who's going to do what, and from there be able
to bring some deliverables to our team. I don't know what's going to get in our
way in terms of code, but I'm hoping that we'll be able to get through those issues
when we get to them.
