Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 25
Date: 06-6-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Not a lot of progress on my end since the last report, but I can see what I initially
contributed for the cloud portion of the Practicum is useful. Everything up to getting
the IP address of the instance that was created is being reused, with the only difference
being the script to start the LDAP server changing. I don't really care what code is
used in startup scripts as long as it works though. There hasn't been any testing
done on the cloud code which has been pushed from everyone in the group, and that
could present an issue if it doesn't work.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

We'll still need to update our startup scripts to not run after the first startup,
but this is really just a minor change for our scripts. I am also looking forward
to potentially working with Carlos tomorrow to guide him through the creation of
instances using our Ansible playbooks. We may also have a chance to test Yolmant's
code and see if it's performing as expected. Since Carlos and Fadil were assigned 
to work on the client part, that's what I'll be helping them with if they have any
questions. Since Yolmant said he did the client part, we'll be testing to see if
there are errors with his code, and I'll be asking Carlos and Fadil if they want to
write their own version or just use Yolmant's.


What is getting in your way?

I'm frustrated that we delegated positions and yet again we have one person that
just decided to overreach his scope of work and tell everyone "it's finished" before
we've gotten a chance to test what it's actually doing. I feel like this is reckless
and not a great way for the group to get things done because it demotivates the rest
of the team to work on what they're assigned. I think this will get into everyone's
way because it will also make it harder for us to focus in on specific issues; we broke
our assignment into three groups to ensure that we're able to work on small components
which would later be merged together. If we have any issues with the composed code
we'll need to focus on all three components merged into one, rather than the individual
components which each subgroup was assigned. Let's just say I hope there are no issues
with testing.
