Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 25
Date: 06-6-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Since the last report I've been helping coordinate when the team will be ready to
meet on Saturday. Other than that I haven't been able to accomplish as much as I'd
have liked, but I also feel like we're getting to a point in the quarter where there
is not necessarily a lot more that needs to be done besides some documentation and
getting ready for our final presentation. I reached out to work with Carlos, but
was unable to schedule a time to meet with him for working on the client code for
the cloud portion of the Practicum.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

In terms of testing, I still haven't had the chance to update startup scripts to
work with the metadata passed into GCE, but I am hoping to be able to do this
tonight or tomorrow. This is actually something that will benefit both the work I'm
doing in my Linux classes as well as the work I'm doing for the Practicum. I'm
definitely pleasantly surprised by the crossover that we're able to get out of each
class and that's helped my effectiveness and productivity overall. I will also
help coordinate with the team the different aspects for the presentation of the
Practicum as well as helping in whatever way I can to complete the On-Prem portion
on Saturday.


What is getting in your way?

Being able to meet before our presentation is something I can clearly see getting
in my way. There'll probably be a little bit of catching up for all of us, and
cramming this into the last week of school might end up being harder than we expect.
There are commitments that I have starting in the summer which I need to begin
working on now and that's going to potentially interfere with the amount of work I'm
able to put into the Practicum. That's why I took some time this week to ensure
that I got the majority of that work done so that I'd be able to focus more on the
Practicum and less on outside commitments. With the June 15th deadline looming I am
hoping that we hit success on all fronts of the Practicum, and I'm willing to put in
the effort to do so within our time constraint.
