Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 26
Date: 06-11-18

What have you completed since the last report?

On Saturday we met to go hopefully install and finalize our On-Prem installation,
but again we had issues. On one end we're recovering from the power failure, which
shouldn't have been a big issue but it turned out to be. The configuration which we'd
spent a lot of time putting in ended up not being saved and this prevented us from
being able to get up and running with networking again. Since this project is
based on a foundation of networking if we don't have it then nothing can be stacked
on top of it. We had some configuration which we could and did apply to the server,
but we're unable to get the full functionality that we needed back up. The issues
came from the fact that our code wasn't the full scope of what was input into the
multilayer switch, and we didn't have the missing piece, since it was never saved.
We chose to spend our time revisiting the cloud portion of the project and figuring
out what we're struggling with so that we can ensure that the max amount of people
are able to contribute to this portion of the Practicum. We discovered issues which
we didn't previously think of and this will help ensure that we have a better final
product.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

The next report will be very close to our presentation. We still need to have a time
for everyone to get together and practice before we present, so that we're clear on
what exactly needs to be presented and how we would like to present it. I am also
planning on contributing to the presentation and working on doing whatever needs to
be done to ensure that we have done what we're able to have a deliverable for this
Practicum. I have given some pointers to help other group members write code, and
I personally believe this is where our presentation is going to shine. What we
have may be simple, but it demonstrates that we're able to work as a team and
at a minimum partially complete the components of this Practicum (fully fulfill the
cloud requirements). What I like about this is that we haven't had the same typles
of issues that we had in the On-Prem part of the practicum, so I feel like the
team morality is somewhat higher for this part of the class.


What is getting in your way?

It's unfortunate that we're this far in and still don't have our project done, but
we have a plan which should allow us at a minimum to have a deliverable for the cloud
portion. We've gone through many steps of troubleshooting and making incremental
progress towards our goals. We haven't been able to work as well as a team as I'd
like, but that most likely won't get in the way of us completing our objectives.
I truly believe that we've had setbacks on this front because of our communication
as a team and that's taken a toll on the progress we're able to make. I don't like
being in a position where I feel like my time is being wasted, but I think we've
all been in this position throughout the duration of this Practicum. Whether it was
dealing with software inconsistencies, hardware incompatibility, or just change
management, we've struggled on all fronts to get our project up and running. I am
at least happy with the fact that we're all determined to get this project completed.
I have never seen or expected my classmates and I to show up almost every Saturday
for an entire quarter, even when the technology side is a struggle. At this point
coordinating is key and that's where I'm struggling. Maybe this is something that
ends up not needing to be my responsibility, but I want to do it because everyone
also seems to want to contribute, and I believe this adds more value to the team
as a whole.
