Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 27
Date: 06-14-18

What have you completed since the last report?

We have completely torn down and rebuilt pretty much the entirety of our On-Premises
portion of this Practicum. I actually was so intently focused on the technical aspects
of this part of the project that I totally forgot to write my last status update!
I'm happy because even though our last attempt at getting the On-Prem install of our
hasn't led to a functional openstack implementation, I have felt the euphoria of
being able to get past our previous bugs/issues. I feel like I've been able to learn
more in the past day than I have in the previous portions of our Practicum, and
that's a great thing! I solved multiple software issues that I'd caused previously
and quickly. I thought around issues to find potential solutions which didn't rely
on knowledge I didn't currently have. We came up with good ways of dealing with the
issues that we're facing at this time and because of this we'll have more to present
tomorrow.


What do you plan to complete by the next report?

Despite the fact that we're this far into the Practicum there's still a significant
amount of work to do. I feel like it's necessary that I spend time updating and
testing the code that everyone has written for the Ansible/cloud portion of this
Practicum because I feel like it's the right thing to do. When I wrote a baseline
script to interface with GCE using Ansible, I thought some people might use it, and
now we're at a point where anybody that's written Ansible code in our team has used
it. I'm excited and I feel like we deserve to do the integration required as we are
all at different levels of progress in our team. So I'm hoping to be able to do the
integration so that we have an Ansible script we all contributed to and has the
capabilities we want from our code.

What is getting in your way?

Time and coordination. There are people in our group whom I've been unable to reach
for contact which is hurting the ability of our team to make its best presentation
possible. We now have less than a day to get our presentation completed and I feel
like we're in the dark about what needs to be done. Honestly I'm hoping that we
all get a chance to meet to talk about the presentation before we do it, but at
this point I'm not holding much hope. I feel bad about this aspect of the project.
I have reached out to those who're unwilling to participate at this time and there's
nothing else I can do to make them come in and be part of the team. I wish that
I didn't feel responsible for this but part of me does. I'm okay with letting it
go to do the best job I can on this cusp of the Practicum; it's the only thing I'm
able to do.
