Student Name: Cody Antonio Gagnon
Status Report # 9
Date: 04-30-18

What have you completed since the last report?

Over the weekend we're able to complete adding VLANs and reconfiguring SSH access to the multilayer
switch. While we had this functionality previously, I compiled this information into a script which
fleshes out some things that weren't previously configured, and makes the process scalable.
This functionality allows us to connect to the switch from anywhere on Lisanet, which is pretty rad.
We will be able to use this configuration along with others to get the InterVLAN routing setup as well
as anything else where remote connectivity to the switch is involved. We also cracked open a computer
case to check the SATA ports on it, since we're told that there was an issue where it wasn't booting
into XenServer automatically; we've resolved this issue by finding that there's only SATA0 plugged
in to the computer and that we needed to manually change the BIOS settings to not look for devices
plugged into SATA1 & SATA2. I also setup some Trello tasks today which we'll begin to be able to use
for change management procedures and better project tracking.

What do you plan to complete by the next report?

I hope to push more code to GitHub which is useful to our project and better understand the 
next tasks that will need to be completed via Slack and out Trello. If I get my Mac back by
the next report I hope to push the code I've made to GitHub. Otherwise I'll probably be putting
it on Slack. I am hoping that we'll be able to flesh out the networking stuff so that we're able
to proceed accordingly.

What is getting in your way?

It sounds like we're meeting today at 5:00 pm, but I will probably be stuck at work during this time.
I believe that the networking and communication is an issue which is getting better as we work
more together. I am excited that everyone is so passionate about this practicum; it makes me want
to contribute more to the project. Having a better understanding of what's next will help enable
me to make that contribution. Networking and other technologies may be a bit confusing, but are a lot
easier to work on when we know exactly what needs to be done; this will be accomplished through
working as a team.